Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#2900)
smartcontractkit/full-blockchain-solidity-course-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How do I make a contribution?

> Never made an open source contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in this project? Here's a quick rundown!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never made an open-source contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in this project? Here's a quick run-down!
```

> - Find an issue that you want to address or a feature that you would like to add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find an issue that you want to address or a feature that you want to add.
```

Uniform structure.

- Fork the repository associated with the issue to your local GitHub organization. This means that you will have a copy of the repository under `your-GitHub-username/repository-name`.

> - Clone the forked repository to your local machine using `git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git`.

Reviewer: ```
- Clone the forked repository to your local machine using `git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git`.
```

In the above, one can add interactive examples for `git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git`. E.g. for a repo named "xyzRepo", the user can run `https://github.com/github-username/xyzRepo.git`

Author: Good idea.

> - Create a new branch for your fix using `git checkout -b branch-name-here`.

Reviewer: Likewise, here. E.g. `main`

Author: Okay. Will do.
